did I fight some just emotional
boundaries technologies today we're here
to introduce you to the range of a tech
battery matters as a couple of different
models that we have a narration we've
got a bolt up for measuring the voltages
on two different bathrooms and then for
measuring and anchorages from two
different sources and also the vault
animator they're just going to give you
a bit of a rundown on weird install them
in here it'll grow now what I've got on
display here in a moment it's
particularly here is our both aunt
matter and supplied with a device that
picks up the average through the cable
ourselves called hall sensor so that's
provided with the unit basically a
square with the hole stuck through the
guts on account now let's say one on one
atop the voltage air battery and also
what sort of power we have coming in
what's the beverage we have coming in
from soo power you'd simply pass the
cable positive cable through the hole in
the hall sensor to the positive parts of
a veteran and then pick up the voltage
from that battery to display on the
monitor what that's going to give us is
how much amperage we have coming into
our battery from your solar panel for a
soul reaver and also what voltage
batteries up nice and simple easy here
we can also use that the other way
around let's say we wanted with 11 of
them what's coming out of our metric so
how much we're using to run our fridge
maybe a little
things like that we can simply again
Paul sets up rather positive carbon from
their battery through the hall sensor
into our circle distribution in this
case here we using one of the main tech
views blocks for again pick the voltage
up from the bathroom into the monitor
and in that situation there it shows
what's coming out of the battery see
what we're using we can open indication
of just bolted so we don't have to sit
there and work at malaga 12.1 your
battery i really need to slightly oval
usage we can physically see how much is
coming off the battery in a in a figure
in average yeah that's our fault in
there we also have some guys out there
with full drives with the dual battery
systems we want to be out of water to
the voltage on both batteries we've got
the same unit involvement so simply we
can take the voltage from your start
battery we can also take the voltage
from our second battery and we can
monitor what's happening so we can see a
Starcatcher is going flat that's no good
or my secondary batteries go flat marked
out of the fridge or we can also see if
there are our two battery systems
working whether it's a voltage control
red low and DC to DC charger will be
able to see if it's working or driving
which is fantastic as well as it's that
assurance that everything is going right
we have also a and meter now we're
that's great is combination of before we
had in the first scenario we want to be
able to monitor what's coming in from
Seoul and we also want to be
what's going out from our users things
like getting through Justin inverters
and stuff like that so that unity
provided with two of those small sensors
wonderful positive coming in and won the
puzzle game here on the monitor then we
can monitor what's going in what's going
here or we can do that on two separate
batteries as well so this the options
are limitless with that product they're
all provided with all sensors or a bit
of cattle and you can extend that as you
require if you are running and you
devices further away from where the
monitors manner that's no problems at
all now the unit's themselves are very
very convenient in that there around
unit hole saw sighs just cut it out and
they've got the locking ring on the back
Warrick's wire the terminal strip on the
back nice and easy now you can get these
from any of your local by tech
distributors or jump onto our website
www by text or condone are you that will
be able to put you in contact with your
local dealer and you can also download
further information on our full range of
a tech better ability thanks for
listening